Don't you find it funny?
I was blind.
Only you, the horse, promised.
Bah!
Dead fish and rotten shrimp in the stinking trench don't deserve this place at all.
It's not worth withdrawing for me.
This is not saying good or bad, but you are also Li family members.
Won't you be ashamed when we play this game?
Promise owner, what is this?
This man hurt me Li Jia envied the military
If not a good host.
I wanted to kick him out of his house.
You have been a tremendous victory for me before.
Now there's a trend.
Falling to the rocks
What a small face.
It really gives me a long eye.
Li Shen Hi, I don't want to talk to you too much.
But you keep provoking me.
I'll get my eyes back later.
Eat back and forth
Don't listen to his bullshit.
The dead simply don't deserve to stay in this hall with us as friends.
The dead should be expelled from the hall immediately.
Your Majesty, you didn't say he deserved it.
Gentlemen, the guard next to me is here.
Hands on both ends.
If he doesn't want to go, there's nothing to blame us for.
You are the one who seeks your own death.
I also blame myself for not caring about my family.